update mcp visibility wording (#4716)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/advanced-ai/mcp/accessing-n8n-mcp-server.md

## Exposing workflows to MCP clients

> MCP clients can discover all workflows the current user has access to using `search_workflows`. However, clients can't execute or modify a workflow until you explicitly enable MCP access for it.

Reviewer: We do already specify this near the top of the page ([here](https://docs.n8n.io/advanced-ai/mcp/accessing-n8n-mcp-server/#key-considerations-when-using-instance-level-mcp-access), but happy to clarify the wording so it's clearer here. How about this:

```suggestion
MCP clients can discover previews of all workflows the current user has access to using `search_workflows`. However, clients can't access full workflow data, nor execute or modify a workflow unless you explicitly enable MCP access for that workflow.
```

### Managing access

> The **Instance-level MCP** settings page shows all workflows with MCP actions enabled. From this list you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Instance-level MCP** settings page shows all workflows enabled for MCP clients to access and operate on. From this list you can:
```
